now on dvd the football canteen of studio chip pets suppose the animal will
the younger brother
what have that position of richness and not a bit under pressure there
yes certainly turned
I say that flows into neighborhoods where especially Japan of course
fantastic player
then it's about to resign
tao unsuitable for something so yes I am almost certainly very serious
Sure and national coach who was in the air three weeks before the World Cup
telegraaf red carpet calling for the plug to come out
yes I happen to know an unemployed trainer on the beach in barcelona a baby the
plug in once more that yes start with nl
and the trend buoys buoys
munich louis van gaal did end up hopeful a few times
foppe the rooster next year
next round on parts as a trainer
therefore what do I say as a player
positive note therefore suitable
the ceiling
the assistant trainer of liverpool the hague was done changing to the
drafters
the team from numerous top clubs imagine something that is up to twelve points we
see whether or not to score
tilburg
I am sorry for a performance
half a year ago I would have loved someone apart
it would just be someone in eight women, on the other hand, half a year
crossmedia the assistant of rich year is that what you have in 98 again
I have nineties what Monday would do in the ad
so what does an assistant do this year?
lap during the training
however, that is very easy job
well not as a doping scandal
there are no more jokes on zebras year it was just a joke
armed conflict, he also wrote out by sea by frits
sedoc is a fantastic player
always written in his name
are problems
a number of parties
appropriate language a few years ago it is still unclear when football is possible
bringing studio chip
now on DVD including special wk profit women with content